Okay, let's see, I have to tell you some
gossip about Olga Moreno that the Indian sent me,
eh. And it has its, it has its that,
eh, it has its that, eh, it says, Tinker Bell, did you
understand? Javi, in El Canijo, he has
had up to 20,000 people on the
live show and here Pilar
too when the songs are
good, no, here we've had 25, I think it was, no, that night with Franca and with Trium, we've had a live show here at 13 and 14 with Marina too and this is a new channel. Eh. This is a new channel, eh. What Olga did is curious, man,
eh, but
I still think the
same. Yes, she did it today, well, the live show doesn't come up.
Now, let's take another
look, maybe I'm mistaken and I
went to the video but it doesn't come up. It doesn't
come up. I still
think the same thing I said
like two months ago, it wasn't that I gave the
exclusive. No, so Olga is not with
Agustín, I think she's not even listed. I
think she's not even listed, okay. Here's a
curiosity that I
initially thought when I saw the Indian put
the Twin on, no, and  I spoke to him and I said, well,
look
at this issue of donations and of
unsympathetic gentlemen asking for smiles
for photographs, if you don't
understand this, I'm not going to talk to you about it
here for the moment. I don't know if someday, but I
think so, well, for now, it doesn't depend, eh,
but the issue of what
the Indian is referring to is something, Sister
Cotilla, you can see it out there on
Twitter, incredible, but it doesn't
surprise me either, I mean, people are
surprised by that, it's like, but man, it
's what I always said, yes, it's what I
always said, I forgot to upload this
story about
Olga, so to speak, I discovered that
simplicity is important, of course, this is
the song that Olga plays, which
we'll listen to now. No, well, I don't know if I can
put it on because it will have copy, I don't know
who the message is intended for, what does
sound familiar to me is the area of ​​the
publication, okay, Olga is in this
publication,
eh, Well, I know it sounds perfectly fine, I'm
not going to say the name, okay, I'm going to be
discreet. Well, let's see, Antonio had said
where he lives, clearly,
no, Antonio had said where he lives, where
is his apartment?  no, it is not
known, no, it is not a secret, it is not known
which avenue it is and so on, no, yes, it is
exactly Antonio
David Avenue, no, I could not tell you exactly
how many meters it is,
but it is close, it is
close but in a small area, everyone
knows each other, I do not know if I explain myself clearly, that is what
I told the Indian, I say, let's
see what I tell you what, I tell you if they live more
or less
close, yes, yes, let's see, yes,
anyway, where Olga lives,
where Antonio David lives, it is already close to
where Olga lives on Avenida Don where she
had the store, not to where Antonio
David lives, it is already close
too, let's see, they have a peen in
common, they do not have to be seeing each other, they have to be
seeing each other, in contact, it
is not normal for them to live close, but of
course, here the issue is not that it is the
area, here the issue is the message.
Okay, well, I'm not going to play the song, I'm not going to take the song Because I'm
not going to
play the song Because it will have a copy
and it will screw me up. No,
but here I have seen Consuelo who read it.
Here I have seen Consuelo who
read it.  that I was reading Olga's post and she
takes it the same way I do as a support
for Olga
and I'm going to say two things before
okay first that Consuelo in her live
today they sent me a click that said
something like let's see me
again that I was like very upset
insulting having a very bad mouth it's
like Consuelo the only thing I said in the
live that you talk about was illiterate
and Shameless and I don't know something like that no that it
's like ja building next to Antonio
avid right the building next door I
thought it was approximately 100
Met or less but if you tell me that it's the
building next door that you have already
looked at the building next door it's
closing the circle and the fence too much
but okay okay Okay okay that
Consuelo that me speaking upset
when someone is doing things that
are worthy for someone to get upset there is no
problem nothing happens see if here we are
going to look like we are in a church
okay what I said was literate an
illiterate and shameless to a
person who does not have it okay or whatever  without
more registering the trademark is not what But anyway
to the point to the point the thing about
Olga chofa is worth very little registering the
trademark is not worth a lot Well now I'll
put you what Olga is going to see if I
can but it's that Claro Look there's a
photo do you understand one is I discovered that in
the simple is what is important what is I
discovered that in the simple is what is
important the Arrebato and the other is I
want to be happy happy and where Put that
her in Malaga with her friends eating
having an aperitif or whatever in the
portal next to Antonio davi and I say go on that you do
n't throw them well you throw the two
songs they go with a handle to the finger
Who says that Olga doesn't speak Olga speaks
singing and putting
photos We've seen it many times Oh
Esti Look listen to me I'm looking forward to it I'm looking forward to it
Look if I could already
leave my hairdresser's No and have my little
time aar nobody can beat me I was
going to Malaga to live in my
Andalusia and there we go with my
artichoke and with my
Rafa There was another click that I didn't  it came
out I don't know why what I
wanted to put was cut off it wasn't this what I
wanted to put it was another click or part of
this click that was cut off where
Consuelo said man I think that at
this point we can say that come on
Agustín and they are not together But come on no
way, not even close are those people
together and man, what I wanted to say was
that there were a lot of people who called my
exclusive Simply because it was mine
bullo lie my family denies it I
don't know what And it's like, let's see, they are
waiting for telegossip okay
eh you start watching a channel that you don't
like no and on Twitter I saw Bull Bull
hoax
hoax Well the hoax has been confirmed
in the end and now suddenly everyone eh
Now says things like what
Consuelo says No man it's clear that
the two of them are not together Olga's thorns I don't
know what man I think that at
least I think it would be good a
Javi Oliveira was right eh I say eh
whoever wants eh whoever wants
whoever doesn't it's okay  I say this with
all the affection without bitterness and all the
respect in the world eh that another Javi
Oliveira is more or less right to the
cause neither cov variana that whoever
wants to do it because it feels good to
do it but [ __ ] It's that I saw a
quarre when I uploaded that that
exclusive When was the exclusive let's see
when was the
exclusive I had just done the
hair thing if I'm not mistaken I
did the hair thing in
August
look here it is bomb bomb bomb
bomb crisis of Olga Moreno with Agustín
etien two months two
months in the end the Fountain was of
drinkable water says the tense one of course No but
let's see let's see if it is that let's see
if not because I who know I could be
wrong eh I mean I could be
wrong says Pepi Vicente you are a
believer Pepi because I have enough to believe it
if it were If it were like that half the alphabet
then I wouldn't believe it so much but what can I
tell you look here the fountain is talking to me
and says they did a they did
a coven on you and they said that your fountain
was dry Well about the dry Fountain
no I don't know that I haven't  I've
never heard that, I just found out, but let's see,
my daughter, I trust the Source, if I make a
video it's because I trust that I'm not going to
look ridiculous, hoax, hoax, let's see
if I make a video because I know, because I trust
that I could be wrong. Hey, I blame the
source and [ __ ] off, but if I
make a video it's because this person who's
telling me this, and this source who's
telling me this, eh, moves around in the
environment, maybe, and maybe I've maybe
told me things before
that have later come true, and I also
ask for a little bit of a little bit of
indication, a little bit of such and such, no. So I
think that nothing's happening, nothing's happening.
Consuelo, very well
said, Javi Oliveira was right, but oh
well, that's it, nothing's happening, nothing's happening. I
mean, it's not strange at all, it's not strange at all.